hi I'm susanna white did you know that
every 12 seconds in America someone
drops an iphone that's over 7,000
iPhones a day over 50,000 a week hi I'm
susanna white did you know that every 12
seconds in america someone drops an
iphone that's over 7,000 iphones a day
more than 50,000 abba tronix iphone PSA
take two hi I'm susanna white did you
know that every 12 seconds in America
some rocks not Sorry Sorry let's pull
out the right back please Oh sonic
you're doing great how get you some
water or anything no let's just get this
over with okay did you know that every
12 seconds in America someone drops an
iphone
that's over 7,000 iPhones a day over
50,000 a week and the problem is
spreading it's an epidemic affecting
millions of people with costs going in
billions of dollars what the hell are
you doing he said to bring your phone
not while we're rolling are you gonna
yell cut oh great now my phone is broken
and we're not even done with the favor
Bank I'm working with amateurs all of
you this was supposed to be my wrestler
um you could use my phone what this
screen is working but it still works
okay that's it I am out of here you guys
should take a cue from this guy go to
Abbott ronix direct and get clips for
your head at night phones and iPods and
iPads and any other that you might need
to drop